Seventy percent of backup restores fail when you actually need them.
I've spent over a decade managing servers and infrastructure.
I've watched backups fail during real incidents.
I've seen a single config mistake take down production for eight hours.
I've been the person at 2 AM trying to recover a database from a backup that was never tested.
The tools we have today weren't built for this.
Backup software that can't prove its own restores work.
Dev environments that look nothing like production.
Security tests that happen once a quarter — if they happen at all. And every tool is a separate product, a separate vendor, a separate bill.
Every hour your system is down costs money.
Every untested backup is a bet you're making with your business.
Every dev environment that doesn't match production is a bug waiting to ship.
That's why I built Rediacc. One platform that handles protection, recovery, dev environments, and security testing.
Built on btrfs copy-on-write snapshots. Not bolted-on backups.
Rediacc takes immutable, encrypted snapshots of your entire stack and restores them in minutes. Not hours. Minutes.
Clone your production environment in sixty seconds. Full databases, Docker services, configs — all of it. Zero extra storage cost.
Run penetration tests on safe clones every day. Find the holes before attackers do.
Everything runs on your hardware. Your encryption keys. Your data never leaves your servers. No cloud lock-in. No vendor dependency.
A ten-terabyte database restores in four minutes. Ninety days of backup history stored in the space others need for seven days.
Start free. Install on your server in under five minutes. I'm Muhammed. Welcome to Rediacc.